WHEN NEW OBJECT HAS TO BE ADDED IN THE Redshift  ( For example events)

a. Every table which needs to be transferred into the redshift goes into the star schema in the DWH.
b. Data which can be transferred to redshift could reside in either table or a view as needed.

c. When a new table has to be moved to the redshift do the following:
    1. Create a view or a table to hold the data in the star schema
    2. In param.py add the table name to be transferred into the tbl_star list.
    3. Populate tbl_star_rename and tbl_star_truncate as required.

d. For pentaho tables do the same.

e. No need to change anything in runner.py, exporter.py and imported.py and uploader.py


f. etl_delta_load.py
    1. Add the new table into the entry with appropriate queries to be run (follow the already existing template and just copy pase with renaming the table name)


b. After all these changes are made, the changed code needs to be pushed to the server. Follow the instructions;
    1. git status
    2. git diff
    3. git add .
    4. git commit -m"test"
    5. git push

c. Log into the server of the etl and do the following process
    1. Issue the command "sudo su"
    2. Issue the command "source /opt/credential/pass.sh"
    3. go the the folder of the absence and run "python runner.py absence"



IMPORTANT:

1. Ensure that the table exists in both the salesforce schema and then in the stage.
2. View can be created later (create view prod.blah as select * from stage.s_blah)
3. Look into rest of the tables in schema and add the appropriate rnk column when required.
4. No need to create partition tables for the new tables. ( Partition not used in salesforce)



WHEN COLUMN IS ALTERED IN THE SOURCE TABLE
5. If a new column has to be added in any one of the sfdc tables just alter the table in the respective schema with the new column.
6. Add the same column in the stage as well.
-->> drop the view of the respective staging table (e.g, drop view prod.bla bla)
7. drop the column rnk from the staging tables
8. recreate the column rnk in the staging 
9. recreate the view (e.g, create view prod.bla as select * from stage.s_bla)
10. re-run will run automatically to fix the error the next day.

